Understood.
An unauthorized sortie
is a violation.
However,
your quick and decisive action
helped minimize squad casualties...
and curtailed any serious harm
to the World of the Living.
Therefore...
I will overlook your violation
of squad rules!
Yes!
I mean...
Thank you, sir!
I'd say failing to retrieve
the remains of this mystery Hollow
is a serious enough crime.
By the way...
Your report only describes
how unusual the Hollow was...
I trust you didn't leave
anything out.
That...
there was nothing else noteworthy?
Yes, sir.
There wasn't anything else.
JUNE 5TH, 11:00
SEITO ACADEMY HIGH SCHOOL
I wonder
if that Soul Reaper made it back
to the Soul Society safely...
I hope he's not in trouble...
I should have at least
asked for his name.
THE SEIREITEI - SQUAD 10 BARRACKS
I guess those rumors about Quincies
still being alive were true.
It must have taken a lot of courage
for her to save me...
and tell me that she's a Quincy,
knowing that I'm a Soul Reaper.
She's really something.
I should have chatted with her
a bit more.
Maybe I'll go back
and thank her properly this time.
I told you, Ryu is my cousin!
There's nothing going on
between us.
You're living together,
so there has to be something!
Come on...
Huh?
H-Hey!
Masaki?
Oh, I-I'm sorry!
Don't worry about it.
I hope you're okay, young lady.
Are you okay?
Hey! Was that a new trick
to meeting people?!
Why would you think that?!
The blue skies above are hopelessly clear
At my wit's end, I feel
a growing frustration
As if to laugh at us hopeless cowards
Countless eyes stare at us
This soul of mine breaks again and again
All I can do is hold it tight
Until the day it turns to ash
I've absorbed all of this sorrow
It has shaped me, painted me
But that's how we got here, right?
One step at a time, just like breathing
These countless scars on my palm
That no longer fade
Are my badge, my story
I faced the fear and shred it to pieces
And let it walk beside me once more
BLEACH: THOUSAND-YEAR BLOOD WAR
ISHIDA RESIDENCE I'm back!
- Welcome home, Masa—
- Miss Masaki.
Y-Yes?
I'd like a word with you.
I heard you fought against
a Hollow the other night
to save a Soul Reaper.
Huh?
No... I haven't done...
anything of the sort...
You only disgrace yourself
by lying.
Katagiri!
Why did you do such a thing?
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?!
How could you
break the rules of the Quincies
while in the care of
the Ishida Family?!
Katagiri!
Why did you tell Mother?!
I thought I told you!
That there weren't
any problems that night!
But there was... a problem!
What?
Miss Masaki sustained a wound
from the Hollow's attack!
If she doesn't get proper
Quincy treatment
from your father and mother,
there is a possibility
the future Ishida bloodline
could become tainted!
ISHIDA RESIDENCE
That's nonsense!
Nonsense?
It means everything to us!
You said so yourself!
That your marriage to Miss Masaki
was for the future of the Quincies!
Damn it!
Tell me the truth!
W-Well, umm...
Please wait, Mother!
Masaki isn't to blame
for what happened!
- Masaki was...
- I-It's all right, Ryu!
I'll be...
Miss Masaki?
Masaki!
What's wrong?!
Are you in pain?
No...!
Is that... a Hollow's hole?
What do you think you're doing,
Ryuken?
Where's Father?!
We're trying to get in touch
with him right now.
You will wait here.
Wait!
You can't be with that thing!
You'll put yourself in danger!
Come back!
Please...
Come back, Ryuken!
What is this thing
that resembles a Hollow's hole?
Why is she in so much pain?
What's happening to Masaki?
Why didn't I stop her by force?
Why didn't I do everything I could
to interrupt that battle?
Why?!
Whew, that was a close one!
It almost got you!
It's you!
What's wrong?
Wait, let me take a look at her!
Don't touch her!
Why do you think
this is happening to her?
It's because she protected you!
She broke the rules of the Quincies
to protect you, a Soul Reaper...
And because of that,
she was wounded...
Why does Masaki
have to go through this?!
That wound is what's causing this?
I can't think of
any other explanation.
I'll never forgive you for...
Let's stop right there.
There's no time to argue.
Please come with me, both of you.
I'll tell you the choices
you have to save her...
I'm falling...
Falling down a peaceful hole.
It's quiet, dark and lonely...
Yet, I'm not scared...
I have this feeling...
that someone who needs me
is waiting for me down there...
Who's there?
"URAHARA'S SHOP"
I've been researching the same
symptom that she is exhibiting
for close to a hundred years.
A hundred years?!
Just who are you anyway?
My name is Kisuke Urahara.
I was banished
from the Soul Society.
You're Kisuke Urahara?
I don't care who you are!
Hurry up and restore Masaki
back to normal!
I never said anything about
restoring her back to normal.
What?
I'll give it to you straight...
That young lady...
Masaki can never go back
to the way she used to be.
Her condition
is known as Hollowfication.
Hollowfication is what happens
when a Hollow's soul
is poured into another soul,
destroying the boundaries
between the two souls.
It is the result of an attempt to
sublimate a soul to a higher level.
Originally, it was meant to
strengthen a Soul Reaper's soul.
However,
souls that undergo Hollowfication
eventually become
mindless monsters,
and ultimately self-destruct
against their will...
a process known as Soul Suicide.
Hollowfication is
an uncontrollable technology.
Uncontrollable?!
Doesn't that mean there's no way
to save Masaki?
I can't return her
to the way she was,
but I can save her life...
During my research
over the past hundred years,
I discovered a way to prevent
this Soul Suicide.
It involves injecting something
into the victim's soul
that can counteract Hollowfication...
This allows the soul
to maintain balance
so that their boundaries
won't get destroyed.
Thus, preventing a Soul Suicide.
Let me give you a specific example.
If we inject
a Hollowfied Soul Reaper
with a vaccine made from a Quincy's
light arrow and a human soul,
they'll remain in
whatever state they're in.
However, Quincies have
no resistance against Hollows,
so the vaccine isn't enough...
I don't understand what you mean.
To put it in simpler terms,
we're trying to neutralize it
by hitting it
with a counteracting force.
To save this Quincy girl's life,
prevent her Hollowfication
while retaining
her existence as a human...
we need a stronger
counteracting force.
Something that must
remain by her side
at all times until she dies...
A powerful counteracting force
that continues to suppress
her Hollowfication...
You're lying!
There must be some other way...!
You're quite sharp.
You quickly figured it out.
However...
you have no choice in this matter...
The one with a choice...
is you, Isshin Shiba.
Soul Reapers are
the opposites of Quincies...
Humans are the opposites
of Hollows...
Currently, Masaki is a hybrid
of a Quincy and a Hollow...
To counteract that, we need...
someone who is a hybrid
of Soul Reaper and human.
This is a special Gigai I created...
It was created from a human soul.
It envelops the soul
that enters it,
making them completely human.
You understand now, don't you?
If you use this, you'll become
a hybrid of Soul Reaper and human.
Which means you can
become her opposite.
This is the choice
I'm presenting to you.
However, this choice has
far too many downsides for you.
I must bind your soul
to Masaki's soul
and the Hollow within her
with a string of Reishi.
For as long as Masaki lives...
No...
It will be forever passed down
to her descendants.
While you are in this Gigai,
not only will you be unable to
use your Soul Reaper powers,
but you won't even
be able to see Hollows.
And it's likely that
once you get in...
you'll never return to being
a Soul Reaper ever again...
This has only downsides for him!
There's no way he would accept
something like this!
He'd never—
Okay, I'll do it!
- What?!
- I said I'll do it!
Hurry up!
Man, you talk too much!
I have to quit being a Soul Reaper
and protect her
for the rest of her life, right?!
Of course, I'll do it!
You're okay with giving up
your current life?
Are you kidding me?
Hell no!
But so what?!
If I let the person
who saved my life die
because I couldn't make a decision...
I know my future self
will laugh at me!
Very well.
I shall begin the procedure.
Yo...
I'm here to protect you.
Hey, Hollow!
Now that I'm here,
I won't let you
lay a finger on her!
Getsuga... Tensho!
I've successfully
connected your souls.
She'll be all right now.
I see...
Thank goodness...
You're that Soul Reaper
from the other day...
Please tell me your name...!
Thank goodness...
Did you leave Miss Masaki behind...
with the Soul Reaper?
I did.
Go home and tell my mother...
that Ryuken is unqualified
to protect the Quincies.
- No. I'm not leaving.
- I said go home.
No.
I will not leave you here
by yourself, Young Master.
- Katagiri...!
- Master Ryuken...
Have you forgotten?
It is my duty to devote
my entire life to serving you.
From the day I first met you,
my life has belonged to you.
So please...
Please do not be sad.
When you are sad,
it tears my heart apart.
When you cry...
Katagiri...
That's enough.
Let's go home.
Yes, understood, Young Master...
After that,
soon after graduating high school,
Masaki left the Ishida family.
Her soul was mixed with a Hollow.
For the Quincies,
it was the proper decision...
"KUROSAKI CLINIC" As for me,
I made use of the medical skills
I learned at the Academy
and opened up a small clinic.
There were a ton of things
I had to learn,
but with Urahara's help,
I somehow managed.
When Masaki became
a college student,
she would often come by
to make fun of my white coat.
I told Masaki that I lost
my Soul Reaper powers
because I was banished from
the Soul Society for screwing up.
She probably saw through my lies
from the moment I told her that.
I was terrible at lying
and her intuition
was incredibly sharp.
So lying to her felt trivial
and meaningless.
She would always
see through my lies
and forgive me for telling them...
In a movie we saw together,
an old man compared the old woman
he spent many years with
to the sun.
I don't remember
the rest of the movie
aside from the fact that
it made Masaki burst into tears,
but that one line stuck with me...
Masaki was like the sun...
She attracted everything,
forgave everything,
illuminated everything,
and spun everything around...
I was just...
happy to be spun around by her.
And then...
you were born.
You already know the rest.
By coming into contact with Rukia,
you gained your Soul Reaper powers...
By training with Urahara,
you gained your Zanpakuto...
And through your battles
in the Soul Society,
the Hollow in you was awakened.
The fact that it was released
means that my Soul Pressure
was no longer able to suppress him.
And so, my connection to my Gigai
and that Hollow was broken.
That's how I regained
my Soul Reaper powers
for the first time in 20 years.
I probably don't need to explain
the things you already experienced.
But...
there is still one thing
that you've experienced
that you don't know
the whole story about.
Nine years ago from today...
June 17th...
The day your mom died.
You need to know...
the real reason
your mom died that day...
Everything we had left behind
Our breaths blending as mist
without form or expression
We lie buried as we glare
into the distance
I can't hear anything
I can't seem to cut anything
It feels like I'm sinking
Falling, falling
Touching
Eyes struck wide open
Something no one has ever seen
The furthest reaches are now visible to us
It cannot be undone
and cannot be stopped
This ensuing struggle
Whisk it away beyond
the ends of the earth
Along with our breaths
Take everything
Whisk it away beyond
the ends of the earth
Along with our futures
Along with our world
Something no one has ever seen
The furthest reaches are now
visible to us
Don't you know God's demand?
As we tear each other down
Your mom...
She wasn't supposed to
die that day...
What do you mean?
Your mom...
Masaki...
Even though she had merged
with a Hollow,
she was originally an Echt Quincy.
Her defensive ability,
the Blut Vene,
was exceptionally powerful.
Not only could she defeat
Grand Fisher,
but she could have done it without
getting a single scratch on her.
However...
That didn't happen...
Why not?
It's because she lost
her Quincy powers that day...
But how?!
What happened... nine years ago?!
Auswählen.
AUSWÄHLEN
It's a Quincy selection process
conducted by Yhwach himself.
I heard of a Quincy tale
that sang praises of a king
who was sealed away.
According to that,
The confined Quincy King
regains his pulse after 900 years.
His mind after 90 years.
His strength after 9 years.
Yhwach robbed Quincies
he deemed impure of their powers
and made them his own.
As a result...
Uryu's frail mother,
Kanae Katagiri, lost her life...
And how Masaki lost her powers
and lost her life in battle...
How?
How is he able to do that?
Is it because he's their king?
Who is Yhwach anyway?!
Yhwach is the Father
of the Quincies.
The Quincies started from him...
And all Quincies have his blood
running in their veins.
The memories within
your Spiritual Pressure
have awakened too soon.
It is unable to contain Quincies!
You don't know anything
about yourself, do you?
Not even about... your own mother.
Farewell, Ichigo Kurosaki...
my son... born in the dark...
Dad...
Thanks.
No problem.
Hey, Ichigo...
You forgot this...
I came to deliver it to you.
Thanks, Ms. Ikumi.
Dad...
I'm going.
"I believe the world
is full of danger."
"I want to protect you from it."
"Only because inside me is
the same impulse as that danger."